<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><title /></head><body><p>Kanchana

Over 6+ years of experience in Software Quality Assurance using Automation &amp; Manual Testing with a solid understanding of all the phases of SDLC &amp; STLC in multiple domains.
Expertise in software development life cycle (SDLC) process and Agile.
Experienced in developing Automation Frameworks using Java, TestNG, Selenium WebDriver, Maven and Jenkins for UI Automation functional testing.
Responsible for doing the Selenium Automation using selenium web driver to build automated regression test suites for front end applications.
Worked with enhancing Automation Framework to fetch expected data through API calls using HttpClient.
Experienced in writing locator scripts using XPath and CSS Selectors , also familiar with browser based locator plugins like Firebug, FirePath and XPath Helper.
Implemented cross browser testing using Selenium for Firefox, chrome and IE. Experienced in parallel testing using Selenium Grid and TestNG.
Exposure to Continous Integration and Continous Delivery.
Worked on grid setup using cloud platform like BrowserStack.
Familiarity working with to code review tool – Gerrit.
Experience in working with Build Systems like Maven and Continuous Integration systems like Jenkins.
Knowledge on REST API automation using HTTP Client, org.json, Jackson libraries. Worked with TestNG assertions
Designing and implementing test scripts for the mobile applications on IOS and Android platforms using Appium framework. 
Worked with locating elements using UIAutomatorViewer, AppiumInspector and used cmd line and debugging tools like ADB, logcat, DDMS for Mobile Automation.
Experience with JMeter to do Load and Stress tests for Web applications and REST API’s.
Worked in creation of load scripts using Jmeter - ThreadGroups, RequestSamplers, TestScript Recorders, Controllers, Assertions and Listeners.
Knowledge in BDD based API testing using Chakram which is based on Node.js.
Knowledge on NoSQl database MongoDB.
Experience with Service Oriented Architecture using SOAPUI tool to test web services.
Very good at bug-reporting and bug-tracking using the test management tools like ALM, Quality Center, JIRA and Rally. 
Proficient with UNIX systems and Shell Scripting.
Worked with SQL to test database for Data Mapping and Data Integrity.
Experience in performing Functional testing, Backend Testing, BlackBox Testing, Integration Testing, Regression testing, User Acceptance Testing, and Automation Testing using Selenium WebDriver.
Experienced in defining Testing Methodologies, Designing Test Plans and Test Cases, Verifying and Validating Web, Mobile and WebServices.

Technical Proficiency:
Testing Tools: Selenium IDE/RC/WebDriver, Mercury Quality Center, ALM, Jira, JUnit, QTP, SoapUI, Oracle SQL Developer, Firebug, Firepath, TestNG, JMeter and Appium.
Operating Systems: Windows, Windows 2003/2008 Server, LINUX, UNIX, Mac
Programming Languages: Oracle (SQL) , Java
Database:  MS Access, MS SQL Server 2005,Oracle
Continuous Integration: Jenkins
Build Tools: ANT, Maven

Professional Experience
Endicia, Mountain view, CA                                                                                 Aug 2015 to Present 
QA Tester

Description: Endicia deals with mailing and shipping easier, faster, and more efficiently. The client for Endicia is USPS. It helps Integration with existing systems like USPS easily for Online Sellers, Warehouse Shippers and Office Mailers. They have various API’s to embed USPS services into their applications and websites. These APIs provide the capability to validate addresses, sell customized postage etc. Also other API’S like Label Server API lets partners to offer customers USPS shipping without forcing end-users to install new software
Responsibilities:

Involved in Agile meetings, Story boarding, daily stand up meetings. Worked as part of Agile team to test, automate and maintain the automation frameworks.
Designing and writing test cases based on the acceptance criteria of the user story assigned.
Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG.
Developed automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for web applications and HttpClient for REST API’s. 
Developed web services automated scripts using API specifications to verify RESTful web service calls using HttpClient and JSON parsing libraries.
Strong in API testing using tools like SoapUI Pro, Advance REST client etc. Worked with Groovy Script to create data driven scripts.
Write and execute automated functional test cases using SOAPUI Pro to test Web service API using both REST and SOAP interfaces.
Created own wrappers for Configuration, WebDriver, Web Element to make code reusable for future.
Based on UIMapping and data driven patterns, developed Selenium test scripts in JAVA using TestNG framework.
Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse IDE and JUnit framework. 
Used PageObject Pattern, UI Mapping, Data Driven, Base Classes, Dynamic Configuration, Dependency Injection, and Singleton to make the framework.
Measured statistics for Web Application using JMeter. 
Developed POC w.r.to UI automation using Protractor for Angular.JS applications. 
Used build tools Maven and Continuous Integration tool Jenkins.
Created and executed manual test cases using Rally.
Created automation scripts in Eclipse, Selenium WebDriver, running them as TestNG.
Good understanding and knowledge of UNIX commands. 
Test the application on different browsers such as IE, Chrome, Firefox and Safari.
Wrote SQL statements for Data Mapping and executed SQL queries using SQL Developer.
Gained Knowledge on NoSQl database MongoDB.
Environment: Agile, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, Java, JMeter, SQL Developer, Jenkins, Appium, Protractor, SOAPUI, REST API's, Rally, SQL, UNIX.
Align Technology Inc. San Jose, CA                                            	          			               
QA Engineer								          May 2014 to July 2015

Description: Align Technology is a global medical device company with industry-leading innovative products such as Invisalign clear aligners, iTero Intraoral scanners. The project was aimed at integration of different systems where Align Technology provides training, clinical education programs, and the tools needed for orthodontists or GP dentists to adopt its innovative technology and offer the treatment options in their practices. I Worked on online selling portal of align where application deals with Invisalign sales. Portfolio Management is an application that provides an integrated environment for account management, policy changes/renewals, monthly premium dues alerts, claims processing status. It enables the clients to access, review and update their products purchased from MetLife and its subsidiaries. Users of this application are Insurance policy owners, Insurance agents and Customer Service Representatives.
Roles &amp; Responsibilities: 
Analysis of functional specifications and designing Test Plans, Test cases for Functional Testing. Created data validation in white box testing environment.
Created a framework using Java, TestNG, Selenium Web driver and Apache POI for UI automation functional testing.
Knowledge on Page Object Design pattern along with Page Factory to drive Selenium scripts.
Created data driven testing using CSV Reader API for data driven testing using Java and Selenium.
Designed and developed Utility Classes in JAVA to help speed up automation and data verification for SOAP/API/XML responses.
Created functional automation scripts for the report generation module using tools Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.
Created performance test scripts using JMeter to monitor response time and performance of the RESTful APIs.
Wrote some test scripts in Appium (Java + Selenium) to test mobile application functionality for IOS and android devices.
Extensive experience with RESTApi testing using Java utilities built using Apache HttpClient.
Helped in performance testing for API using JMeter, by writing and running the performance test, collect data, and generate reports using HTTP Samplers, Test Recorder, Controllers and Listeners.
Assisted in unit testing of the application on TestNG framework.
Worked on GIT Repository and developed Maven build java test scripts, and executed them in Jenkins build Production Environment
Tested Ecommerce website involving Web, In-Store, Catalog, E-mail and Social modules
Logging bugs and test status on Rally for project management and tracking.
Used Firebug to select CSS selectors and XPath to identify UI elements.
Used AVD, ADB, LOGCAT, and DDMS to test android application.
Used SQL for data integrity testing, captured the SQL statements from the application execution and manually checked the results.
Written Unix scripts to execute test scripts on batch process.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Apache HttpClient, Maven, Appium, Android, Rally, TestNG, JMeter, Ecommerce, Scrum, SQL, Java, GIT, UNIX.
Philips HealthCare, San Mateo, CA					         Jan 2013-Apr 2014
QA Engineer 

Project – eCare Coordinator for eTrAC (Transition to Ambulatory Care) program
Description: With the Philips eTrAC remote patient monitoring program, clinicians can monitor patients' vital signs, survey them about their health, and prioritize them for intervention without an in-person visit. The eCare Coordinator platform then provides a daily status review of patients who've been flagged, and sorts them into three severity levels: high, medium, and low. It also shows detailed patient charts, and key data such as patient contacts, clinical notes and surveys, and device assignments.

Roles &amp; Responsibilities: 
Implemented Java based test suites using TestNG.
Used Java Collections, JDBC and Java.IO for writing test scripts.
Created datasheet formats for performing Data Driven testing.
Written TestNG scripts for Functional and Regression testing purposes of modules.
Experienced in Automated QA using Selenium WebDriver, RESTAPI, SOAPUI, JUnit, TestNG, Maven and Jenkins. 
Used core JAVA for writing Selenium WebDriver tests for the web application and TestNG framework.
Automated the Test Cases using Java, Eclipse and TestNG.
Generated, parsed and validated JSON and XML formatted data using Groovy Script that received in response from REST API calls.     
Added test cases using Groovy script in SOAPUI tool to test the SOA architecture web services.
Created framework using SOAPUI to automate and validate Web Service RESTAPI calls.
Set up Jenkins, GIT, and Maven to work together and provide a smooth continuous integration system.
Designed and developed Utility Classes in JAVA to help speed up automation and data verification for SOAP/API/XML responses.
Tested UNIX scripts to automate the backup Procedures Proficient in trouble-shooting. 
Used Firebug to select CSS selectors and XPath to identify UI elements.
Corporate Web app testing, Localization, Regression, Load testing with JMeter.
Used Rally for Scrum Management, Task Management, Test Cases and Bugs.
Created and executed SQL queries to validate the data, and used data manipulation language.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Java, Rest API, SOAPUI, JUnit, TestNG, Groovy script, Maven, Jenkins, HTML, Oracle, SQL, UNIX.

J.C. Penny, Plano, TX   					                    July 2011 to Nov 2012
QA Analyst
Description: JC Penny is one of the leading retailers in United States. JC Penny was upgrading its existing point-of-sale systems (POS) with IBM's most advanced, retail-hardened point-of-sale systems. This project aims at enhancing customer service, speeding checkout and adding new services that give JC Penny’s' customers a seamless shopping experience whether they are shopping in the store or online at JC Penny.com

Roles &amp; Responsibilities: 
Used Selenium WebDriver, Java, Jenkins and Selenium Grid to create and execute automation scripts.
Involved in extracting data from the database and injected it in selenium scripts to make dynamic Automation framework.
Developed Selenium test scripts for identified test cases using Page Object Design Pattern.
Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG features to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.
Performed Java API testing with JUnit automated tests
Used Selenium WebDriver and TestNG to run the parallel testing.
Created performance test scripts using JMeter to monitor response time and performance of the web application.
Used JMeter for Preparation/review and execution of automated test scripts.
Automation framework setup using Selenium WebDriver with Junit in Eclipse for Purchase Rewards GUI
Helped in performance testing for API using JMeter, by writing and running the performance test, collect data, and generate reports. 
Testing the product, creating any defect and track any issues in Rally.
Used SOAPUI for testing SOAP based Web Services
Executing manual testing of key ecommerce business processes through website, ERP and WMS.
Tested and improved the quality of the company ecommerce website for building shopping carts, tracking customer orders, checkout and payment processing.
Created automation scripts in SOAPUI using Groovy Script for web services testing.
Written shell scripts to execute test scripts on batch process.
Helped in maintaining the existing regression suite using QTP/UFT.
Automation of test cases using QTP and VB script.
Used SQL for data integrity testing, captured the SQL statements from the application execution and manually checked the results.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Eclipse, SOAPUI, JUnit, TestNG, JMeter, Scrum methodology, SQL, Java, QTP, Shell Scripting

Revenue Technology Services, Addison, TX                                                       June 2010 – May 2011
QA Analyst

Description: Revenue Technology Services is a worldwide Total Solution Provider of profit enhancing software solutions and consulting services. RTS solutions provide airlines, cruise/ferry lines, and railroads with the most efficient method of asset management. The travel and transportation industry is faced with rapidly rising costs, changing customer needs and economic pressures. RTS helps enterprises leverage outsourcing as a strategy to gain competitive advantage by better managing and leading this transformation.

Roles &amp; Responsibilities: 
Participated in requirement review sessions to gain the understanding of functionality and requirements of the Payroll service suite.
Performed Functional, System Integration, and regression testing, participated in performance testing. 
Helped Automation team developing automation test scripts for both the system's core functionality and GUI's of the application, using Quick Test Professional (QTP).
Created automation code using both VB scripting and Descriptive Programming in QTP for Data Driven and functionality testing, imported them in Database using Perl and executed them on client server application.
Designed and developed complex set of SQL queries and sub queries for database testing.
Reported defects in Quality Center (QC) and re-tested any fixed issues.
Environment:   QTP, QC, SQL, windows.

Educational Details: Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), INDIA</p>
</body></html>