<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><title /></head><body><p>                                                                                               Bhavani 
				
Professional Summary:

Over 6 years of work experience in Software Quality Assurance and Testing in diverse applications on various platforms as QA Analyst.
Extensive experience developing and working with Automation Frameworks using WebDriver, Java, TestNG, HttpClient and Appium.
Strong knowledge on building hybrid automation frameworks using PageObject, DataDriven, KeyWord Driven, Modular frameworks and Java libraries like Apache POI, log4j etc.
Experience in using Java core concepts and design patterns like inheritance, abstraction, Singleton, Factory patterns to avoid code redundancy in building strong AutomationFramework.
Worked on creating many locators for dynamicaly changing id’s using Xpath and CSS Selectors.
Extensive Experience in automating REST API’S testing using SoapUI and HttpClient.
Worked with REST API’S data driven testing using SoapUI groovy, datasource loops and TestNG with HttpClient.
Experience in testing native mobile applications using Appium. Experience working with Android SDK, UIAutomatorViewer, Appium Inspector, ADB, logcat.
Worked on performance testing of REST API’S and UI applications using Jmeter load scripts with ThreadGroups, Samplers, Controllers, Assertions and Listeners.
Experience in Agile - Scrum Methodologies.
Experienced in configuring parallel tests with Selenium Grid and TestNG.
Extensive Experience working with Maven as build and project management tool, Jenkins for Continuous Integration. Worked on Jenkins with Git integrations.
Worked with project and defect management tools like Rally, Jira and QC.
Good exposure to Oracle RDBMS, SQL and Writing SQL scripts for Backend/Database testing.
Familiar with version controlling software’s like SVN,  PVCS , GIT And Code Review Tools like Gerrit.
Worked on POC to automate REST API’S testing using Chakram and UI Automation.
Knowledge on SPA applications testing using protractor -  AngularJS  applications testing framework.
Excellent organizational, technical and problem solving skills with a special talent for team oriented assignments, communication, inter-personal skills and can multitask various deliverables. 
Working knowledge on software development process, project management and testing lifecycle methodologies like Waterfall, Spiral and Agile Models.
Excellent understanding of Software Development Life Cycle and Test Methodologies from project definition to post-deployment documentation
Experience in preparing Test Plans, Test Cases, writing Test Scripts by decomposing Business Requirements.
Extensive experience in Functional, Regression, User Interface, Integration, User Acceptance, and System Testing.
Amicable, analytical and adaptable to new environments

Technical Expertise :

Testing Tools                            :  Selenium Web driver, JMeter, Postman, SOAPUI, TestNG, Appium,HttpClient.
Defect Tracking Tools             :   Rally, Jira, Quality Center, ClearQuest.
Languages	                        :   JAVA, SQL, Groovy, XML, HTML, Xpath.
Database                                   :  Oracle, SQL Server, MongoDB
Operating Systems	           :  UNIX, Windows
Tools &amp; Utilities 	           :  SVN, GIT, Maven, Jenkins,Eclipse, SQl Developer, Toad
Professional Experience (Projects):                                                                                                                  

Role    : QA Engineer                                                                                                                            Aug15 -Present                                                                 
Intuit, Mountain View,CA	                    
                                                                                     
Project Description: 
QuickBooks provides accounting software solutions for individuals and businesses. It also gives tax filing software and a portal to connect tax and accounting professionals with their clients. ProAdvisor is available to accounting, bookkeeping, tax, and consulting professionals who are providing services to third-party clients. This Program provides various resources, software and discounts to members to better serve their customers. It also offers certifications, which helps member to increase their ranking on Find-a-ProAdvisor Website. 

Responsibilities:

Created functional automation scripts for the report generation module using Selenium Web driver, Java and TestNG.
Worked on creating many locators for dynamicaly changing id’s using Xpath and CSS Selectors.
Developed Selenium test scripts for identified test cases using page object pattern.
Created data validation in white box testing environment using API’s for expected data.
Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.
Used Selenium WebDriver and TestNG to run the parallel testing by creating Groups, and categorizing test cases.
Built an API framework with HTTP Components and Jackson for testing REST Services.
JMeter used to load test Web services. Created test plan in JMeter and used Regular Expression Extractor to get a session ID from the server response and created User Defined Variables for storing values that can be used in different parts of the load-testing scenario. 
Wrote Data driven  automation test cases using TestNG framework. 
Raised defects and updated/tracked defects using Rally on specific user stories allocated.
Evaluating/Researching/Implementing automation framework for Angular.JS using Protractor.
Used Maven, Git, Jenkins to maintain and execute automation scripts.
Designing and writing test cases based on the acceptance criteria of the user story assigned.
Worked on REST API automations using HttpClient and org.json to parse json and add assertions on response.
 Performed automation testing using Selenium and Appium for regression testing
Used SQL for data integrity testing, captured the SQL statements from the application execution and verified in SQL Developer.
Worked on framework to execute test cases using CI – Jenkin Jobs using Maven, TestNG and Selenium Web driver. 
Created own wrappers for Configuration, WebDriver, WebElement to make code reusable.
Worked closely with the developers within the SCRUM team.

Environment: Selenium Web Driver, Eclipse, Postman, HttpClient, Appium, Test NG, JMeter, Scrum methodology, SQL, Java, Unix.

                                             
Role: QA Engineer                                                                                                                        April2014- July2015

Client: Macy’s - San Francisco, CA

Project Description: Macy’s is a US chain of mid to high range department stores. Web based Customer Order Management System is a pre-packaged composite application that streamlines and automates creating, managing, and coordinating customer orders and related customer order information. Customer Order Management provides centralized visibility into the process of generating, tracking and managing orders across departments. Macy’s web based Customer Order Management allows customers to view order status, order date and time, shipping information, billing information, exchange and return information and order related questions.

Responsibilities: 

Involved in writing Selenium scripts using WebDriver for automated testing,.
Writing test scripts  to test REST and Soap webservices using SoapUI.
 Executed Jmeter load scripts to analyse performance factors like scalabilty, reliabilty and speed of application and API’s.
Performed functional, UAT, smoke, regression testing and recorded issues along with product enhancements. Worked with Engineers to troubleshoot problems and inconsistencies
Used XPath in the context of Selenium in order to pick out page elements in a robust manner by 
Consuming data through JSON web services using Blocks for asynchronous calls via third party networking
Tested native mobile applications using Appium. Experience working with Android SDK, UIAutomatorViewer, Appium Inspector, ADB, logcat.
Used Maven, Selenium WebDriver, and Java with Jenkins to create nightly automation scripts.
Created automated test scripts via Selenium Web Driver for UI and functional testing which can be added to TestNG based automatic regression test suite.
Communicate effectively with both management and peers while detecting/solving issues.
Developed and executed SQL statements for the database testing.
To make sure the velocity of the team is maintained in an AGILE environment during releases.
Used and monitored JIRA to log, track and close defects as and when developers provide fix.
Interacted with End users and investigated issues relating to QA during UAT Phase
Validate the code in production environment during production deployment

Environment 	: SQL, Java, WebDriver, JUnit, SoapUI, SOAP, Jmeter, Jira, SQL, Oracle, Maven, Appium,JSON, Agile, Maven, Jenkins.


Role: QA Engineer                                                                                                                  Feb2013 to March 2014

Client: Emprise Bank, Wichita, KS

Project Description: Emprise Bank offers a full range of financial services to commercial and business customers and consumers. Emprise Bank provides investment management, retail and commercial banking, consumer finance and investment banking products and services. The Bank&amp;#39;s online option on the web site enables the customers to access their accounts with the bank via the Internet. This enables them to check their current account information with the bank. The customers are also provided the service of instant transfer of funds between their Checking and Savings accounts. It also allows the customers to Invest Online. The customers can also pay their bills using the Online Banking Services. The fundamental goal of the project was to the entire insight product line to be more robust in the current global market segments.

Responsibilities: 

• Performing regression tests on application builds.
• Interact with developer to reproduce bugs and to track the field bugs.
• Conduct and participated in UI and acceptance testing to validate and verify the accuracy of application.
• Explore and contribute towards automation of the product test cases which help reduce man power using Selenium IDE, Selenium RC.
• Create automated (keyword or data driven) Selenium tests for continuous integration of code to Dev/QA       environment.
• Created Test Suites to do Functional and Data Driven Testing on the Web Services.
• Developed freehand scripts in Java for Selenium.
• Validated Web Services current states and made logical assertions for WSDL and SOAPUI.
• Designed and executed functional, data driven and basic load test cases for web services testing in SOAP UI.
• Performed web services Functional and regression testing using SOAP UI.
• Create Test sets in JIRA and execute them and Analyzed test Results and manually submitted a Defect to the  JIRA.
• Used Data driven framework with JUnit.
• Wrote test scripts in TestNG/Java using Selenium RC to test various flows
• Expertise in creating testing framework by using TestNG and running through ANT.
• Conducted tests on Android simulators and stress tests on iOS using XCode on MacOSX.
Developed test apps on Java and XML for Mobile devices and applications that call APIs to perform API level testing.
Worked on GIT Repository and developed Maven build scripts, and executed them in Jenkins build Production Environment
Testing the product, creating any defect and track any issues in Rally.
 To make sure the velocity of the team is maintained in an AGILE environment during releases.

Environment: Selenium, SoapUi, JUnit, TestNG, iOS, Android, windows, Java, SQL and Agile

Client: Good roe Healthcare Solutions, Norcross, GA		                         Dec2011 to Nov 2012

Role: QA Analyst

Project Description
Performed as a QA Analyst for an operational and clinical data application which is built with real-time patient monitoring, cost analytics, assessing orthopedic supply, utilization, clinical variation information. 
 
Responsibilities: 
Analyze and review Business and Product Requirements, Technical and Functional specification by meeting with users to understand, clarify and document the requirements.
Performed GUI, Mobile, UAT, Cross Browser, Functional, Black box, End-to-End and Regression Testing. 
Reviewed requirements for accuracy, completeness and testability.
Worked in creating automation framework with Java and WebDriver. 
Created pom.xml in maven for build management.
Used SOAPUI for testing SOAP based Web Services. Performed functional and performance testing of RESTful Web Services.
Used JIRA and VersionOne for project management and defect tracking.
Performed UAT with parent company VHA.
Performed Data Validation using SQL queries.
Developed a batch file to handle critical business process
Involved in all phases of the quality assurance process. 
Worked with offshore team for VHA Physician Preference project. 
Used JIRA, VersionOne and Quality Center for Defect Management and Project Management. 
Interact with members of the QA team, Business Analysts, Project Managers, Software Developers and End Users.
Environment:-JIRA, SQL, Unix,  Java, WebDriver,SoapUI, Black box Testing, Regression Testing.

Transcend Technology Group, Sacramento, CA      	                                   	june 2010- Nov 2011
QA Analyst
Description: Transcend Technologies Group, Inc. (Transcend) is a privately held company that specializes in internet based software applications for the health insurance and benefits industry. Founded in 2001, Transcend licenses the Group Benefits Manager (GBM) system to insurance brokers.
Responsibilities:
Designed the Test Scenarios and Test Cases after analyzing the requirements.
Experience in Software analysis, design, development, Testing and Maintenance with strong understanding of SDLC &amp; STLC. 
Quality-focused professional with extensive experience in manual software testing and knowledge in automated testing. 
Experience in reviewing and contributing to test plans. 
Proven expertise in using static techniques for review of specification documents. 
Collaborated with software developers to create detailed test strategies, test scenarios and test cases. 
Analyzed the requirements, created test plans and executed the test cases. Performed ad-hoc/exploratory testing to familiarize with basic functionalities of the application.
Responsible for Test Closure Activities and providing the Test Closure Document to the stakeholders.
Environment: Waterfall Methodology, QTP, Oracle 10g, SQL, Windows.



</p>

</body></html>